README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi there

I'm Abubakar Yagoub, known online as Blacksuan19, I'm passionate about Deep
learning, neural networks, and linux, i like to rice my Arch (BTW) installation
to my heart's content. When I'm not busy learning something new about neural
networks, I'm usually enjoying some music while working on side projects.

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/blacksuan19/)
[![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-5acfff?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)](http://kaggle.com/abubakaryagob/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/blacksuan19)

## 📩 Latest Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Credit Card Fraud Detection With Pytorch](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/credit-card-fraud-detection-with-pytorch/)
- [Bank Negara Dapp](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/bank-negara/)
- [Leisure Places In India](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/leisure-places-in-india/)
- [init.nvim](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/init-nvim/)
- [Jupyter Notebooks in Jekyll](http://blacksuan19.dev/blog/notebooks-in-jekyll/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=blacksuan19&theme=github_dark)

Commit message:

README: add new email badge
Signed-off-by: blacksuan19 <abubakaryagob@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi there

I'm Abubakar Yagoub, known online as Blacksuan19, I'm passionate about Deep
learning, neural networks, and linux, i like to rice my Arch (BTW) installation
to my heart's content. When I'm not busy learning something new about neural
networks, I'm usually enjoying some music while working on side projects.

I prefer notebooks for Data Science projects, All my data science projects can
be found in Kaggle. <br> <br>

## ✉️ Get In Touch

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-f1f1f1?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=0f111a)](mailto:hi@blacksuan19.dev)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/blacksuan19/)
[![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-5acfff?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)](http://kaggle.com/abubakaryagob/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/blacksuan19)

## 📩 Latest Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->

- [Credit Card Fraud Detection With Pytorch](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/credit-card-fraud-detection-with-pytorch/)
- [Bank Negara Dapp](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/bank-negara/)
- [Leisure Places In India](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/leisure-places-in-india/)
- [init.nvim](http://blacksuan19.dev/projects/init-nvim/)
- [Jupyter Notebooks in Jekyll](http://blacksuan19.dev/blog/notebooks-in-jekyll/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=blacksuan19&theme=github_dark)
